Of course.
Shop owner Anh Minh Than Vo
Is that the kind of old person you can't compare to bold?
You dare to insult the Dragon Master.
Tiger, you're wrong about that.
He won't be the Dragon Master anymore.
I advise you.
Or recognize the crime?
Give up the darkness.
Otherwise, it will harm the family.
The thief
Even if he is dead, he will not pay attention to the army.
Princess, the whole body is controlled by our people.
If you are smart
Obediently distribute yourself.
Don't make us do that.
You don't believe it, don't return it too soon.
Even if King Kuoling is killed by me.
There are ten thousand Quang Lang Quan defined as Qin King
Surrender now.
If not, the government does not guarantee
The army of Quang Lang has long been controlled by our people.
And yesterday, day and night.
There were 10,000 Quang Lang troops ahead.
They have now surrounded the capital.
My shrimp is gone.
The boss signs off.
He also wants to wear the Dragon Master from La Y.
The thief
The thief.
Please wait for the Dragon Master to be worshiped by all gods.